that's gonna be a tiny thing hi sorry I
stopped didn't start recording on time
um he's gonna take over kind of trying
to get an updated snapshot because the
current snapshot we have is way old and
still useful a way old snapshot is still
still significantly more useful than a
website that is down but I agree that in
terms of trying to make this a really
useful tool for people we would wanted
to be updating on a semi-regular cadence
that would be super snazzy um my hope
was that we could there there has been a
thread in hacker news specifically about
you know Wikipedia put out announcement
people have been pointing to the the IP
FS on Wikipedia snapshot and having a
little bit of a discussion about how
ipfs can and is more in be and is more
resilient to DDoS attacks in that you
know anyone can be hosting a story in
the content and so I can drop the link
in for anyone who wants to follow along
that conversation and reply to any open
questions that haven't been fully
answered yet but I think there's still
an opportunity in general to be better
following Wikipedia I did not following
videos I wasn't aware of this at first
and like responding like putting putting
forward the fact that we do have a
mirror and we would love more people to
think about ways to make it better and
give suggestions especially if it has a
small slice of Lionel's time to to help
usher forward open-source improvements
to it so I I will continue iterating on
that hopefully will and think of a
tweeter to to get out there just remind
people that this even exists even if
it's still kind of a small slice of
time'n and work in progress I mean any
thoughts or questions are concerned
about that anyone have ideas of like
this should be an absolute we should not
do this or this should be a blocker for
Sunday any sort of tweet out about it
if if we can get updated snapshot sounds
like a fantastic idea if we don't have
an updated snapshot it sounds like a
risky idea
I'd love to be able to do that
communication with our organizational
commitment to keeping that resource
available very clear
I saw the threads where this was like
super rapidly revived which was awesome
is there a place to watch that like
ongoing development like does it get hub
repo is that what you're talking about
with yeah what is the repo called ipfs
slash wikipedia on ipfs with dashes okay
actually it's distributed ipy slash
distributed - wikipedia - mirror okay
maybe this is the one I know about okay
this is why I asked
let's try both of them I view first
- wikipedia is that we've said I thought
it was Wikipedia on ipfs but I don't
know where I'm getting that phrase cuz
browser is not autocomplete here for me
yep nope distributed Wikipedia mirrors
only one house that completes for me and
it has a lot of content in it so I think
this is the most up-to-date one but I
think we should start using file some
issues for four things to add to the
to-do list in terms of reviving this
personally I think having an empty
purpose is kind of a problem food want
to point people to this so updating the
readme is something on my to-do list but
yeah assistance in in reviving this very
very welcome cool
all right Dietrich but I think you were
this second person for the comms runbook
meeting uh nope just a note that I'm
gonna put something any comment for that
this week since that did not happen last
week if you were interested in talking
about that I'll probably pull you and
Malik for sure our Cuddy and then I'll
dig up the prior art weren't around
bridges the cons response it's like that
anybody else poked me if you join
snazzy we also and I guess this is
related we have a meeting in an hour and
a half so again if anyone wants to join
okay you're welcome
just to talk about our community okay
others around or maybe those are core
implementation okay hours around project
support and especially looking at some
of our github metrics around having
systemized operation policies like if
you tree a response time tracking some
of those metrics so we can evaluate
where where we are and aren't serving
people who are contributing or
interacting with us yeah are our github
interactions so that we can try to make
that a really good experience for people
and at the very least have have early
warning and notification when we start
slipping on some of those goals for
ourselves
all right um maintenance Dietrich
whoo just a new version available and I
think this is first one that I'm really
pushed out so in rental process it's
fantastic so check outs the tweets there
and I love proactively communicating
well and sharing community fantastic I
think there's no other really you know
notable things to share in the area one
of the things we are still trying to
figure out is path forward for tests the
test matrix is still pretty much empty
and I think that's definitely something
that we're gonna try to figure out hey I
would love to have the test matrix more
filled in by the end of the year I think
that's a a nice goal for that area that
will help us automate things like
regression finding and testing and and
know when even if we don't have
dedicated resources working full time on
these things make sure that the problems
are that are the problems notify us as
opposed to by a special so that that's
something I think I would like to have
by the for that part of the project
operations group they plan for that for
q4
you
and awesome
whoa and we now have to be back for for
a research update so make something
welcome welcome back we hope you had a
wonderful time doing all of the amazing
things thank you thank you it's really
good to be back and see how your faces
and to read all of your plates I'm
pressing my giant email back oh yes that
said thank you so much for like like it
has not it hasn't been as hard as I
thought it would be to catch up it has
been updates a lot of my classic things
happening on Twitter I also tried to
make sure to always keep posted on my
email just known every once in a while
to make sure that if there was like
anything edges I could help but I could
seem like everything went super smoothly
so everyone if things are at least from
my perspective look that they're really
good in a good direction so in terms
like research that I started back at
full speed again today so not a lot
today when I spend time doing where to
grab out ideas and the discussion of
getting July about this network lab
creation and that will eventually take
on some or most of the reefs open
research problems from a personal peer
to peer and so I have all these
questions grab all the thinking that I
had the chance to do grab all the notes
and now I'm converting getting to the
repo where the work is airing tracks
that describes what is described like
what is going to focus on and so on and
so I don't hear the pull requests that
you can I could give feedback like see
if it matches like what you expected
from the creation of this lab and if you
have any suggestions or something I
missed from other conversations at me
know then also huge I five isn't here
but like it looks like a great
collection of open problems flush
protocol design topics
yeah nice oh yeah and it has been like
talking with a bunch of people from
multiple themes and just like kind of
like understanding where everyone's ads
is where everyone's heads are and they
call it a power that in the document and
I've seen it there's been some
discussion
like just to stack rank these topics and
and their respective priorities and and
the next for that is really to
understand like which ones of them are
real open research problems that
typically means that require new
thinking new reading new correlations
and which ones are the ones that are
more protocol design which typically
means like we need to respect how things
we need to create the artsy to improve
the protocol and so on the goal is to
then have an event that's like a team
can like focus on these things for a
short period of time to start some of
these processes but yeah this is the one
that I'm that I need definitely to talk
with the end is first because it might
not require the event to put this thing
up like I think we can like start our
way and so yeah this is kind of like a
short update the thing I'm going to be
doing tomorrow morning is basically kind
of logging the open research problems
that we still have one life s notes
Reaper all scattered across issues and
using the framework that was designed by
the research team to I describe its open
research problems and waste them on our
iPad such research with it appears as
research people's so that's going to be
like one of my focus for tomorrow and
yeah this is my update any questions
yes all right it's a review async thank
you thank you
I do have like one last question kind of
little research not necessarily more
probably operated with collapse which is
there is a new potential collaboration
in coming with a not yet sort of a
professor but potential user ipfs Memex
from world branch so they do like a web
annotation application they wear the
Pizza scamp I think most of us like
already met the team and they are they
have an abstraction for the storage
layer called storix and they want to
color it with us to make to see how
simple it is you just have IP FS as a
storage driver because one of the things
for their in their roadmap for this year
is collaboration so they want to have
collaboration they want to have multiple
device syncing and so on and right now
they use firebase for all the things but
they want to be able to use IP FS which
also helps them well achieve like their
goals or like being on point first
censorship resistance permanent and so
on and so can I open a potential
collaboration between them and Mozilla
and that they are already discussing and
and yeah so they they really talk to me
we kind of like assess what what they
were looking for it seemed like they
just wanted like basically a way to
ensure that that leaf s could be easily
integrated that looked like an
integration mini project so then they
talked with Jim Jim pic and so Jim
already had a conversation and now
basically what they are asking is like
we have anyone with the time to do this
will like real Jim every week to try to
ship this should we say no you say yes
so I guess I'm already unpacking a lot
what I want is like so I dietrich have
been working on
like a slightly more formal process for
dealing with these sorts of requests so
I think you would probably make a good
beta user so will will will invite you
to run through the process and see see
what we get
so I'll yeah I'll ping you helping you
separately okay I actually have a quick
collab process thing as well which is
that I would like to if you were a DRI
for a collaboration I will want to
interview you about that I guess there
Dirk dropped so I'll have to tell him
separately but if you consider yourself
a DRI for a collaboration maybe like
next week I will want to interview you
about the kind of the how much time it
takes what's interactions you have and
how we can make it better
just a little internal user research
sounds awesome and we are out of time so
thank you all so much and I will see you
all next week or in ipfs weekly call
which is right now geez bye